in section 1 we're gonna start at the
end I'm gonna show you what the end
project looks like so that you have a
solid understanding of what we'll be
building throughout this course we'll
learn how posting an item for sale in
the marketplace interacts with the
etherium network and you'll learn how to
send funds and sign transactions to
purchase an item on the marketplace
you'll see how to confirm a transaction
that's been successfully mined and then
we'll go through setting up all the
tools that you're going to need to be
successful in this course
well now that we have a general
understanding of the role of smart
contracts decentralized applications and
project that we'll be building in this
course let's take a look at the life
cycle of events that occur when we're
posting an item for sale in our online
marketplace in this video we're going to
learn about the role of react and redux
in our application we're going to use
react to create the form that provides
the user interface for our user to add
an item to the marketplace and then
we're going to get an overview of how
our application communicates with the
etherium blockchain
and we're going to take a look at some
of the code that ties this all together
that code is going to execute the smart
contract function out on the etherium
blockchain and once that update is
complete or that execution is complete
we're going to get some information back
that we'll use to update the state of
our user interface so the most important
takeaway from this video is
understanding which part of our
application is communicating with the
blockchain during different parts of the
life cycle in our online marketplace
we're going to post items for sale like
the one you see here we're going to
build this out as a react component so
the thing about react if you're not
familiar with it is you build components
to display the graphical elements on the
page and then you manage the interaction
of those components through managing the
state so in our example here we've got
this product that's for sale and it has
a title a description a price and
whether or not it's been shipped and
received all of those represent state so
we'll have this same component that we
use over and over and then we use
changes in the state to display what's
displayed on that component one of the
popular methods for managing state in
react applications is through the use of
a redux
now the Redux store is where we store
the information that we're going to use
to populate the state so what happens is
we've got our react component with some
state objects in there and then whenever
those state objects are modified that's
going to trigger an action that then
causes an update in the Redux store
where the data is stored
well then configure reducers which
listen for changes to data in the Redux
store and when they're notified of a
change of the data that they're watching
in the store they're going to update the
application state and then the
application state changes which notifies
our react component that it needs to
re-render to reflect the newly updated
state so now in our application a lot of
our state information is going to come
from information that we get from our
smart contract on the etherium
blockchain so let's take a look at our
smart contract that we're going to be
publishing to the blockchain this video
is about adding a new item to the
marketplace so I've highlighted the add
listing function inside of our smart
contract it's identified by the keyword
function and then has its name add
listing and then it accepts some
parameters that include the name of the
item being listed a description of it
and the price that we're selling it for
so our job whenever the user fills out
the react form to add a new listing to
the online marketplace is to execute
this smart contract function out on the
etherion blockchain there are some key
conceptual takeaways I want you to have
from executing a smart contract function
first of all it happens from the user's
browser not from our react application
the reason for that is because it has to
be a signed transaction from the account
that's going to pay the gas or the
transaction fees for calling or
executing the function so there are
several different ways that you can make
that happen you can generate the
etherium address for where your smart
contract is loaded and have the user
type that into a hardware wallet or a
separate wallet application that they
have on their computer but the easiest
and most user-friendly way to do that is
to integrate meta masks into your
application so meta mask is a browser
plugin that allows the users browser to
talk to the etherium network let's take
a look real quick at our react component
where we add the item so we have a
component listed here on the right that
has three fields in it to type in the
name of the product or the item that
you're selling a description of it and
the price that you want to sell it for
so we're going to switch over to our
code editor now and we're going to
identify the code that renders this
component and take a look at the
dispatch action that executes the smart
contract function
so this render function is what gets
called whenever it's time to draw the
component on the screen you can see that
it has a return statement and then some
components that it's going to render and
these are in the format of JSX and we'll
go over that in a little more detail
whenever we start writing a code for
this application but at a high level you
can see there's the card that displays
the form we have a header and then we
have the text where the user is going to
insert the name of the item that they
have for sale and you can see that this
is pulling from the application state as
is the item description
and the item price so they'll fill those
out and that's going to update the
application state and then there's this
button here to add the listing that when
they click on it calls the add listing
function so let's take a look at that
so our add listing function creates this
object called merge and then it
populates that with the items from the
state that we grabbed from the user
interface fields and then it's going to
call this add listing function that
comes from actions dot merchandise
so if we take a look at the actions
merchandise script that's where we'll
find our add listing function that
receives the merge parameter
and then we're going to create a new
promise and call register listing so
let's take a look at this register
listing and see what it's doing so we've
passed in our contract and we're gonna
get the deployed version of that which
gives us a smart contract address and
then we're gonna call this add listing
function and that add listing function
it's coming off of the merchandise
contract and if we look at the solidity
code for our smart contract we're
actually calling this add listing
function that I showed you earlier out
on the etherium network so this is the
part where we're actually adding the
item to the etherium network and making
that transaction
again that returns a promise so when
that promise completes we get a
transaction back and we're going to call
resolve and if I come back down to add
listing here when that resolves we pass
the transaction back to it and then we
can dispatch the listing created this
dispatch listing created remember we're
in an action here so we can dispatch
actions we're going to dispatch the type
of new item added and reducers listen to
that so we've got a reducer here that's
listening for changes to that new item
added constant and then whenever that is
notified of a change of it it can
execute a function there so that was a
ton of information to take in and if
you're feeling a little overwhelmed or
possibly even a lot overwhelmed it's
okay because in the next video we're
gonna go through buying an item for sale
which is very very similar to what we
just covered but it's in the reverse
direction so we're gonna review a lot of
those very same concepts again and by
hearing them again another time it's
going to help solidify them in your
brain and it's going to start to make a
little more sense and then as we
continue through this course we're gonna
keep going through those same concepts
again just digging in a little bit
deeper writing a little more code
watching it in operation so if you're
feeling a little bit overwhelmed that's
okay there's a lot to take in but we're
just gonna go through a step by step and
I'm confident by the end of this course
it you're going to have a full solid
understanding on this ready to write
your own applications so let's jump into
the next video where we buy an item for
sale from our online marketplace